Add Voting Locks section to OpenGov (#5535)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-polkadot-opengov.md

[existential deposit](./learn-accounts.md#existential-deposit-and-reaping) and some additional funds
to pay for transaction fees.

### Voting Locks

> A lock is placed on the {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} when you vote on an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [lock](./learn-guides-accounts#unlocking-locks) is placed on the {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} when you vote on an
```

[existential deposit](./learn-accounts.md#existential-deposit-and-reaping) and some additional funds
to pay for transaction fees.

### Voting Locks

> A lock is placed on the {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} when you vote on an
> Ongoing referendum. If you choose to remove your vote when the referendum is still in the decision period, 
> your voting lock is removed. Once the referendum is decided (accepted or rejected), your {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} 
> will be available for unlocking if you voted with zero conviction. The governance app or interface you 
> used for participating in Polkadot OpenGov should show an option to unlock your {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }}.
> [Here](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000184129) are the instructions to 
> do it on the Polkadot-JS UI.
> 
> If you voted with conviction, the corresponding locks start at the end of the Referendum and not at the moment you voted.
> For instance, let's say you voted AYE with 6X conviction on a referendum, and it got accepted; the 
> {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} you voted with is locked for 32 weeks from that moment.
> If you voted NAY with 6X conviction on a referendum and it got accepted, then your {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }}
> would be ready to be unlocked immediately. Polkadot OpenGov is designed to ensure that only the winning side 
> is mandated to lock their {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} and the losing side can claim 
> {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} and have it added to the transferable balance on their account.
> 
> For unlocking generic account locks, navigate to [this section](./learn-guides-accounts.md#unlocking-locks). When you
> delegate your votes, the locking mechanism differs slightly. Please check the next section on Multirole Delegation for
> more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A conviction lock is placed on the {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} you used to vote only if you are on the winning side of the referendum. The lock is not placed immediately after you cast your vote. 

:::info Conviction Voting Locks are placed after the Referendum Ends

If a runtime upgrade changes the lock length and you voted on a referendum that ends (and you are on the winning side) after the upgrade is implemented, you will get the updated lock.

:::

You will not get a conviction lock if:
- you remove the vote while the referendum is ongoing
- you are on the losing side of the referendum (this implies the referendum has ended)

For instance, let's say you voted AYE with 6X conviction on a referendum, and it got accepted; the 
{{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} you voted with is locked for 32 weeks from that moment.
If you voted NAY with 6X conviction on a referendum and it got accepted, then your {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }}
would be ready to be unlocked immediately. Polkadot OpenGov is designed to ensure that only the winning side 
is mandated to lock their {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} and the losing side can claim 
{{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} and have it added to the transferable balance on their account.

Voting with no conviction will not create any conviction lock. Your tokens will be used during the referendum (as long as you decide so), and will be ready to be freed when the referendum ends. 

The governance app or interface you 
used for participating in Polkadot OpenGov should show an option to unlock your {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }}.
[Here](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000184129) are the instructions to 
do it on the [Polkadot-JS UI](../general/polkadotjs-ui).

For unlocking generic account locks, navigate to [this section](./learn-guides-accounts.md#unlocking-locks). When you
delegate your votes, the locking mechanism differs slightly. Please check the next section on Multirole Delegation for
more information.
```
